Canter, 2020; Almeida & Gurevych, 2020; Guo & Wang, 2022; Chen, 2022; Chen, et al., 2022; Bao, Wang, & Kruschwitz, 2022; Yuan, Zhang, & others, 2022). 
Previous work has made significant progress in the domain of controlled generation, in which the goal is for a generative language model to continue the generation of given prompt with text of a specified style\footnote{Style transfer, on the other hand, involves paraphrasing given text to a target style without altering its original meaning}. 
However in practice, text frequently contains not only a single style, but a combination of styles. For example, consider being asked to give feedback to a colleague at work: both formal and positive styles would be appropriate. 
On the other hand, if speaking with a friend about a movie, both informal and positive styles are likely to be useful. Examples of generations following multiple styles models can be found in Figure~\ref{fig:summary}. 

Especially as large language models (LLMs) grow in capability and popularity, it is desirable to include fine-grained control of the styles included in the model's output. 
For instance, in almost all cases, toxicity and hate speech must be tightly controlled such that the model does not produce harmful output. 
At the same time, in response to the user's preferences or the application, it can be beneficial for the LLM to simultaneously control additional attributes such as humor, formality, or the use of figurative language. 
In order to achieve these goals reliably, techniques for robust multi-style control are needed. % We also find that controlling for one style can lead to side effect changes in other styles, further motivating the need for multi-style control.

Controlling for more than one style during generation is an under-investigated area, with prior work focusing on controlling for a single style, or a style and a target topic(s). Our goal in this work is towards a language model controlled for multiple styles, where each style is specified by a lightweight discriminator. The appeal of achieving multi-style control by leveraging single style discriminators is in its simplicity: pre-trained single style discriminators are readily available, and otherwise relatively easily to train. In contrast, approaches that would require obtaining or annotating large amounts of text for multiple styles are prohibitively time- and labor-intensive for 

An increasingly common approach to satisfying multiple desiderata for generations is reinforcement learning (RL), with each individual desideratum contributing to the reward. In this work, we explore this approach for multi-style controlled generation. As textual styles are often not orthogonal to one another, combining multiple styles into a single reward formulation is difficult. Styles also interact with each other in complex ways, and certain combinations  – for instance, disgust and positivity – occur very rarely and are difficult to combine \citep{kang2021style}. Finally, annotated data for many styles is scarce, and multi-style annotations for texts are extremely limited.

We implement several strategies for formulating this multi-style reward. Our evaluations indicate that dynamically weighting each component performs the best, and we also find that simple steps such as confidence calibration of style discriminator output can improve model performance.
We also implement two alternate approaches to multi-style control. First, we create an extended plug-and-play pipeline \citep{Dathathri2020Plug} that controls multiple styles rather than one; we also perform zero-shot prompting with GPT-4 \cite{achiam2023gpt}. \anonymous{what results to highlight from this, if any?} We compare these approaches with respect to achieved style