At the same time, in response to the user's preferences or the application, it can be beneficial for the LLM to simultaneously control additional attributes such as humor, formality, or the use of figurative language. 
In order to achieve these goals reliably, techniques for robust multi-style control are needed. % We also find that controlling for one style can lead to side effect changes in other styles, further motivating the need for multi-style control.

Controlling for more than one style during generation is an under-investigated area, with prior work focusing on controlling for a single style, or a style and a target topic(s) \citep{keskar2019ctrl, liu-etal-2022-multi-attribute}. Our goal in this work is towards a language model controlled for multiple styles, where each style is specified by a discriminator. The appeal of achieving multi-style control by leveraging single style discriminators is in its simplicity: pre-trained single style discriminators are readily available, and otherwise relatively easily to train. In contrast, approaches that would require obtaining or annotating large amounts of text for multiple styles are time- and labor-intensive.

An increasingly common approach to satisfying multiple desiderata for generations is reinforcement learning (RL), with each individual desideratum contributing to the reward. In this work, we explore this approach for multi-style controlled generation. As textual styles are often not orthogonal to one another, combining multiple styles into a single reward formulation is difficult. Styles also interact with each other in complex ways, and certain combinations  – for instance, disgust and positivity – occur very rarely and are difficult to combine \citep{kang2021style}. Finally, annotated data for many styles is scarce, and multi-style annotations of texts are extremely limited.

We implement several strategies for formulating this multi-style reward. Our evaluations indicate that dynamically weighting each component outperforms static weighting, and we also find that simple steps such as confidence calibration and binarization of style discriminator output can improve model performance. We also implement a custom plug-and play pipeline \citep{Dathathri2020Plug} for comparison. In inspecting the generations of our two- and three-style controlled models, we also observe that style combinations that occur more frequently in human text appear to be easier for models to learn to generate. 

This is to our knowledge a first-of-its-kind work for controlling multiple styles with RL. Work on multi-reward formulation for RL is especially important given modern alignment techniques that incorporate multiple types of human feedback, as recent work investigates composing multiple types of human feedback -- e.g. helpfulness, correctness -- into the reward function \cite{wu2023finegrained, rame2023rewarded}. Our approach is extensible to this sort of work as well, and can be easily integrated into other alignment 