usher 2009]. It is worth noting that while this synthetic dataset was created to facilitate the community's access to pre-generated motifs, the principles of responsible use and open sharing stated in the guide remain applicable to any data created with the help of GPT-4, and we encourage users of the tool to check our guide for guidelines on ethical use and sharing of AI-assisted scholarly work. 

\section{Limitations}
%\anonymous{anonymous, Please describe the limitations of our study in terms of depth and breadth. Also, mention technical limitations and other assumptions you made.}
In our research, we acknowledge the inherent limitations of our approach. Firstly, it's important to highlight that our exploration does not comprehensively encompass all categories of artificial data, nor do we encompass the entire spectrum of state-of-the-art LLMs. We constrain our study to LLM-generated data of the text modality which is useful in NLP applications. This deliberate choice stems from a pragmatic consideration, recognizing the expansive landscape of LLMs and their continuous evolution. Additionally, it is crucial to acknowledge that our research scope does not encompass all domains or task types to which each form of data can be applied. This selective focus, while a practical necessity, introduces a potential bias and may limit the generalizability of our findings. We recognize the importance of considering these constraints when deriving conclusions from our study.

Furthermore, we are mindful that our generated responses from LLMs may not fully leverage the latest advancements in the field. Specifically, tailored prompting through retrieval and other sophisticated techniques, such as chain-of-thought, represents cutting-edge methodologies that we have not systematically incorporated into our experiments. The reliance on existing datasets and the potentially non-representative nature of the human-generated data used for comparison introduces variability and potential inconsistencies. These choices, made with a view to pragmatism and feasible implementation, are transparently presented to provide a comprehensive understanding of the scope and implications of our findings.

% %\anonymous{anonymous, Please describe the limitations of our study in terms of depth and breadth. Also, mention technical limitations and other assumptions you made.}
To summarize the  that our research methodology intentionally makes specific choices to begin with. A key aspect to note is that our exploration does not comprehensively encompass all categories of artificial data, nor do we encompass the entire spectrum of state-of-the-art LLMs. We constrain our study to LLM-generated data of the text modality which is useful in NLP applications. This deliberate choice stems from a pragmatic consideration, recognizing the expansive landscape of LLMs and their continuous evolution. Furthermore, it is important to acknowledge that our research scope does not encompass all domains or task types to which each form of data can be applied. This selective focus, while a practical necessity, introduces a potential bias and may limit the generalizability of our findings. We recognize the importance of considering these constraints when deriving conclusions from our study.

In summary, our research methodology intentionally makes specific choices to begin with. A key aspect to note is that our exploration does not comprehensively encompass all categories of artificial data, nor do we encompass the entire spectrum of state-of-the-art LLMs. We constrain our study to LLM-generated data of the text modality which is useful in NLP applications. This deliberate choice stems from a pragmatic consideration, recognizing the expansive landscape of LLMs and their continuous evolution. Furthermore, it is important to acknowledge that our research scope does not encompass all domains or task types to which each form of data can be applied. This selective focus, while a practical necessity, introduces a potential bias and may limit the generalizability of our findings. We recognize the importance of considering these constraints when deriving conclusions from our study.